Python Data Analysis
====================
Week 4 Assignment
------------------

This is the code I developed for the assignment in week 4 of the "Python Data Analysis" course on coursera. 

It carries out an analysis baseball data and provides several useful functions for anyone working with this data.

---
Function Descriptions
---------------------
*At the beginning of the file there is code for the week 3 assignment and some functions for computing stats. These are provided in the assignment description and were not written by me.*

*  **filter_by_year:**
This function takes in the batting statistics as nested dictionaries and returns
a list of them from the year specified.

* **top_player_ids:**
Takes in data dictionary and returns the ID's of the top players according to the value
calculated by provided function called formula.
`formula has two arguements, info dictionary and batting statistics dictionary`

* **lookup_player_name:**
Takes in data dictionary and list of tuples(with the playerId and compound stats) and will return a list of player names 
in strings in form of "X.XXX".  
`Joe Bloggs converted to J.Bloggs`

* **compute_top_stats_year:**
Gives you a list of the best players for the statistic generated by the provided formula. You can specify how long you want the list to be. 
 
* **aggregate_by_player_id:**
Returns a nested dictionary, the outer dictionaries use player Ids as keys and their values are aggregated stats.

* **compute_top_stats_career:**
Same as `aggregate_by_player_id` except the list is ordered from best to worst and you can choose how long list is.

* **test_baseball_statistics:**
This is a simple method that was provided to test the functions you create.


